Final Project Self-Assessment

For the final group project of the Bootcamp, our team took vehicle and pedestrian traffic data and used it to predict pedestrian traffic on any given day. Using several different datasets, we cleaned the data and stored it in a SQL database that was able to connect to a supervised machine learning model that we created. We used a linear regression model and the results showed promise but needs further refinement. Our best result was a 65.85% accuracy rate on predicting the pedestrian traffic on any given day. With further inputs and greater data exploration, we are confidant that the model can reach above 80% accuracy. 

For the term of the project, I had many roles to play. Initially I was tasked with developing the first of our machine learning models. To accomplish this, I first had to do an initial cleaning of the data and make it ready for a machine model. This included getting rid of unusable data and converting strings into integers. The first model I developed was a deep learning model and from the early results it did not appear to be the right type of model that we needed. It was later determined that we would use a supervised linear regression model instead. 

Over the course of the next few weeks, I was primarily task with creating visualizations to explore the data in more detail as well as create the final visualizations for the final presentation. Michael was task with the database, Joey with the machine learning model and Ryan with the GitHub repository and the presentation slides. While each of us had primary functions, we all collaborated using Slack and several Zoom calls throughout the project. Personally, the greatest challenge for me was the cleaning of the data. It took many long nights of searching for the right code to accomplish the task that I had. As with all projects the data presented some challenges that we had not covered in the Bootcamp, but fortunately are instructor had given us the resources and confidence to seek out the answers and overcome any difficulties we faced. 
 
As a team our communication was crucial to our success. Each team member did not hesitate to reach out to the other members and ask for help or advice. Another factor to our success was the fact that we all found our niche, either through blind luck or through the way the project was laid out. I will say that we could have used GitHub better for the purposes of peer reviews and collaboration. Instead of GitHub, we used Slack more than we should have for file sharing and collaboration. While Slack is a great tool, we lost some of the project cataloging that GitHub offers. I contribute this mainly to the fact that we are still getting comfortable with GitHub. For future cohorts I would recommend spending more time on topic and data selection and what they want to accomplish with their project. The first week of the project went by fast and I believe we rushed into choosing our datasets and then felt trapped into having to use them even when it became obvious that they were not exactly what we needed. Overall, the final project was a huge confidence booster for myself, and I look forward to using my newly earned skill set.  


