Individual Self-Assessment

Self-Assessment: 
I was assigned role X over the course of the project. During segment 1, I was tasked with writing a rough draft report on our team’s selected topic, technologies used, a brief overview of our process, and discussing our preliminary selected machine learning model. For segment 2, the machine learning model section was assigned to me. Having to connect to our SQL database was my biggest challenge as I felt I did not have the capability to accomplish this task. After reaching out to my team members for guidance, I was able to connect to the database and create our linear regression model. Moving into segment 3, role X did not have a heavy workload, so I assisted in creating a few additional Tableau images. For segment 4, our team divvied up sections of our analysis. This became the outline for our presentation and we each work independently on preparing our Google slides and speaker notes. 

Team Assessment:
Our team had two primary forms of communication, Zoom meetings and Slack. Slack was used more often to keep each member updated on progress being made throughout the course of our project. We would then have 1-3 Zoom meetings weekly, including class time, to recap and discuss any obstacles we encountered. We also utilized our Zoom meetings for brainstorming and project analysis direction. 
Each team member had individual strengths that contributed to the success of our project. Thanks to Michael’s leadership skills and vision for our project, he was able to provide us each with direction and insight on the most efficient way to complete our analysis. Ryan implemented our team’s communication protocols by establishing Zoom meetings and a group chat via Slack. His provided our team with a solid foundation for our project as he created the blueprints for our Google slides and ERD & provisional database. Robert went above and beyond in both our preliminary model selection and dashboard. He created a draft machine model in segment 1 which aided in deciding what type of machine learning model would work best with our datasets. He also created majority of our presentations visualizations which again assisted in the data exploration and machine model portions of our project.
I would say communication, open mindedness and collaboration was our team’s biggest strengths. We would each out to one other if an obstacle occurred, share our struggles, and our accomplishments. Each member had a safe space in our team to express ideas, concerns, and analysis work. Our team as a whole was responsible with completing their tasks and we still made time to build rapport with each other.


Summary of Project:
Our team wanted to explore the various factors (weather, day of the week, time of year and holidays) that affected commuters’ preferred method of transportation. Based on the data gather, we selected a linear regression machine learning model paired with a Tableau dashboard to aid us in this analysis. After our data exploration and analysis phases were completed, our model resulted in a R-squared score of .65.85 meaning there is a 65.85% probability that future data points would fit our linear regression model. Overall, our analysis revealed traffic volume is relatively constant versus pedestrian traffic when factoring weather, day of the week, time of year and holidays.
